Pretty, thin, white, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed tattered night gown, sitting in the middle of a large, grassy field. She is hugging her knees.  The sky is black and green with clouds, lightning crackles and it is nighttime.  There are dark, winged shadows flying in the sky. She has a worried expression. wide shot. photorealistic.  Sthan Dust

A red horned devil with red eyes, a goatee and a small mustache, dressed in a kilt. He is sitting on a black throne, surrounded by fire and lava.  photorealistic.

Photorealistic.  Wide Shott. A male, bald, reddish devil with small horns, red eyes, a goatee and a small mustache, dressed in a kilt.  He is covered in black ancient runes.  He stars intently as sits on a black throne, stroking his chin, surrounded by fire and lava.   photorealistic.

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered jeans and a tank top, standing in rustic kitchen.  She is stirring a pot of chili and laughing. Sthan Dust

photo-realistic photograph of pretty, thin, woman with purple dreadlocks in a ponytail, many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes, dressed like a 1920s flapper, in a purple sequined dress.  She is singing on the stage of a speak-easy.  A jazz band is playing in the background. the room is smoky, and there are people all around. film stock. 35mm. Sthan Dust

photo-realistic photograph of pretty, thin, woman with purple dreadlocks in a ponytail, many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes. She is dressed like a pirate captain, standing next to Black Beard on a beach of white sands. film stock. 35mm. Sthan Dust

Capture a wide shot in a photorealistic style. The subject is a pretty, slender woman with tan skin and an array of visible tattoos. Her hair is styled into purple dreadlocks that are pulled back into a ponytail, and her eyes are a deep, vivid purple. She's wearing worn-out jeans paired with a simple tank top. She is positioned in a rustic kitchen with aged wooden surfaces and antique kitchenware, suggestive of long-standing use and history. The woman is in the process of cutting raw meat on an old cutting board, her posture relaxed and natural. She is laughing, a moment of genuine amusement captured as she prepares the meal. The kitchen is bathed in the warm, soft light of the late afternoon sun, filtering through a window, casting dynamic shadows and enhancing the texture of the scene.

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail. She appears to be in her mid-30s, elegant features.  Many tattoos, tan skin and vibrant purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered grey robe, falling from her shoulders. She is seated cross legged in a pine forest, wooden stick figures hang from the branches. She is smiling coyly. Dynamic shadow, light and texture. Sthan dust

Image of a dilapidated orange victorian style home, in the middle of a ruined cornfield.  A Pretty, thin, young, white, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail. She appears to be in her mid-30s.  Many tattoos, tan skin and vibrant purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered grey robe, falling from her shoulders. She is seated on the steps on the house. Sthan Dust
Widescreen aspect ratio, low angel, Image of a secluded pond in a forest.  A Pretty, thin, young, white, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail. She appears to be in her mid-30s.  Many tattoos, tan skin and realistic purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered tanktop, falling from her shoulders, and tattered jeans. She is seated ion a rock, holding a fishing pole. It is dusk. Sthan Dust

Cooking with Friends
-- Pity Party Pate 
-- Ghoulish Goulash
-- Chili Cunt Carne
-- Billionare Bisque 

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered jeans and a tank top, looking like a dark fairy, sitting on a rock in the forest.  Sthan Dust

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered robe, standing in the middle of a lush field.  She has her arms over her head, as lightning crash and rain falls.  She is laughing.  It is night.  Sthan Dust

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered robe, hanging from a cross in the middle of a field.  She is laughing.  And crows are flying all around. Sthan Dust

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered jeans and tanktop.  She is standing with a terminator robot, in the middle of a wasteland, giving the thumbs up and smiling.  Sthan Dust.

wide shot. photorealistic. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in a tattered straight jacket, running down the hall of an asylum She is laughing and raising her arms to the sky.  Sthan Dust
wide shot. photorealistic. in the style of Star Wars. Pretty, thin, woman with purple dredlocks in a ponytail.  Many tattoos, tan skin and purple eyes.  She is dressed in tattered jeans and tank top, laying on a blanket under the stars at night.  She is with a blonde haired woman. They are both smiling. Sthan Dust.